Use Cases:
1.
Name: Creation of User Profile
Actors: User
Goals: The addition of a new user profile for a member of the family.
Preconditions: Any number of profiles already exist in the app database. 
Summary: User creates new profile for a member of the family.
Related Use Cases: Deletion of a user profile
Steps:
    i) User opens app. 
    ii) User selects 'Create new profile'
    iii) User enters information into required fields (Name, age, status, ect.)
    iv) User selects a profile image for the profile.
    v) User saves the profile information.
Post Conditions: System database has a profile with no reminders/schedule set in addition to any pre-existing profiles.

2.
Name: Setting up a schedule
Actors: User
Goals: Creation of a schedule for selected profile
Preconditions: Profile for a user has been created.
Summary: User enters information of repeating tasks into system which will generate a schedule for a profile.
Related Use Cases: Modification of an existing schedule
Steps:
    i) User selects an existing profile.
    ii) User selects 'Create schedule'
    iii) User creates a new task and fills out the name, description, repeats, time and more. Repeats this process for each new task as needed.
    iv) User names the schedule.
    v) User saves the schedule.

Post Conditions: System Database has a new schedule tied to a user profile.

3.
Name: Creating a shopping list
Actors: User
Goals: Creation of a shopping list
Preconditions: Profile for a user has been created
Summary: User enters items that need to be purchased, creating a shopping list
Related Use Cases:  Deleting items for shopping list
Steps:
    i) User selects an eisting profile.
    ii) User selects "Create Shopping List"
    iii) User enters date to go shopping.
    iv) User enters name for shopping list
    v) User clicks "Add item"
    vi) User enters item name
    vii) User enters optional comment for the item. User repeats this process for multiple items as needed.
    viii) User saves the shopping list.
Postconditions: System Database has a new shopping list tied to a user profile
